GCP gVNIC support (#1802)
flatcar-linux/coreos-overlay: changelog/updates/2022-04-07-google-gve.md

> - Enable GVE kernel option, which adds support for Google Virtual NIC on GCP (TODO: link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled GVE kernel driver, which adds support for Google Virtual NIC on GCP (TODO: link)
```
Maybe this file should be under `changes`, or?

Author: Reworded and moved to changes.
